Thanos : Fun isn’t something one considers when balancing the universe. But this, does put a smile on my face.
Thanos : When I’m done, half of humanity will still exist. Perfectly balanced, as all things should be.
Thanos : You should have gone for the head.
Thanos : Dread it. Run from it. Destiny still arrives. Or should I say, I have.
Thanos : The hardest choices require the strongest wills.
Bryan Mills : I don’t know who you are. I don’t know what you want. If you are looking for ransom, I can tell you I don’t have money. \\But what I do have are a very particular set of skills, skills I have acquired over a very long career. \\Skills that make me a nightmare for people like you. \\If you let my daughter go now, that’ll be the end of it. I will not look for you, I will not pursue you. \\But if you don’t, I will look for you, I will find you, and I will kill you.
Thomas Anderson : My name, is .. neo.
Thomas Anderson : Guns. Lots of guns.
Thomas Anderson : Ever have that feeling where you’re not sure if you’re awake or dreaming?
Morpheus : You have to let it all go, Neo. Fear, Doubt and Disbelief. Free your mind.
Oracle : We can never see past the choices we don’t understand.
The Architect : Hope. It is the quintessential human delusion, simultaneously the source of your greatest strength and your greatest weakness.
The Merovingian : It is remarkable how similar the pattern of love is to the pattern of insanity.
Mr. Miyagi : Wax on, wax off.
Sherlock Holmes : Elementary, my dear Watson.
Terminator : Hasta la vista, baby.
Christopher McQuarrie : The greatest trick the devil ever pulled was convincing the world he didn't exist.
Joker : Do you want to know why I use a knife? Guns are too quick.
Joker : If you’re good at something, never do it for FREE.
Joker : We stopped checking for monsters under our bed, when we realized they were inside us.
Joker : Madness, as you know, is a lot like gravity, all it takes is a little push.
Joker : Introduce a little anarchy. Upset the established order, and everything becomes .. chaos.
Joker : A man with nothing to FEAR is a man with nothing to LOVE.
Joker : Give a man a mask and he’ll become his true self.
Joker : Why So Serious?
Alfred Pennyworth : Some men aren't looking for anything logical, like money. They can't be bought, bullied, reasoned, or negotiated with. Some men just want to watch the world burn.
Chuck Bartowski : I'm a much bigger nerd than you thought I was.